What nonsense are you talking about?
You go blind, put your brain in
Move into the area, find the good stuff and you're done
Impossible, don't make a note.
Did you make a mistake?
Have you confirmed it again and again?
You look right.
Who the hell are you?
ordinary people
Let's go
Apologize to Mr. Li
Dad, what is he?
I don't know.
You are disobedient
This is immortal
Why don't you have a son?
Before Mr. Lin?
hate me
This is a very large area.
If the developer is good
less than considerable
Our Xu family is very professional in this regard
Are you interested in us doing it together?
Do business
Pay attention to the treatment of interests
Right? Cooperation is not impossible.
If you have any conditions, just mention it.
Xu Hou has targeted me and my family many times before
I made him kneel and admit his mistake
Not too much